# CS255
CS255 repository
The client was DriverPass. The system they wanted designed include being on the cloud, and hosting an easily maintainable system that would contain both employees and prospect students. The system would include a course platform for students where they would create a profile, adding personal info, a specific username and password. They could purchase course content out of three types of packages, take practice tests, reserve time slots with drivers, and view their progress throughout the course. It would need an online payment processing system where customers could add their credit card info. The system would contain different roles for different employees. Essentially, drivers could view their students, cars, and add comments. Secretaries could add customer info and create reservations. Admin could do all of this, including updating/deleting packages, deleting profiles, adding profiles, printing an activity report, and viewing any and all activity at any given time as long as they were online. 
I really liked the the use case diagram, I thought it was fun to do. 
I would revise literally all of my diagrams. I would have preferred to just draw them by hand. I do not like lucid chart. It was wanting me to pay for more lines and shapes, I had to delete so many prior works because it only lets you have three projects at a time. 
I interpreted the users' needs accordingly, making sure to have everything user friendly so that someone who does not understand system design can easily read and understand my graphs and documents. Its important to consider the users needs so that everyone has a good time with the system. You want the final product to be well versed and liked, to boost your reputation and possibly spread your name so you get to have more work opportunities. Its important to see from both the student and employee perspective so that no one has trouble with operating the system and using it. 
I approach designing software as if it is a real business opportunitity. I will msot likely be doing this for my career in the future, so I imagine the scenario as if I am really there sitting in the office talking to these people. This will prepare me for future meetings and opportunities. I will know what to say, what to provide, and how to translate system design speak to regular speak. 
